Update faq.asciidoc (#1113)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/faq.asciidoc

[[how-do-i-reinstall-a-missing-dashboard-asset]]
== If I delete an integration dashboard asset from {kib}, how do I get it back?

> To reinstall the assets for a specific integration, you can use the {fleet} API using the package name and version. This needs to be run against the Kibana API and not the Elasticsearch API to be succesfull. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reinstall the assets for a specific integration, you can use the {fleet} API using the package name and version. This needs to be run against the {kib} API and not the {es} API to be succesfull. 
```
